let's have it okay
his name is David and I met him a few
days ago when he asked me on a date
and went out to dinner and we kissed as
a therapist
it's dr. Lisa Metzger's job what is it -
listen young and he's 10 years different
he could be my brother if he were one
year younger he could be your brother
enjoy your life you deserve this
hell I deserve this as a mother love
sweet hiring it's her job to speak her
mind I've been dating someone what I
know she's not Jewish
mom I'm not trying to kill you I'm out
of your mind
drop it now it's only going to end badly
but the two most important roles in her
life are about to collide oh my god need
to go Wow is that a patient yes it's a
patient grant is that David okay you're
scaring some of the customers oh no she
knows the truth your job is to heaven
what am I supposed to do bring them in
for a couple's session
they have no idea it's incredible we
have had sex on every surface of my
apartment it makes me want to do things
I understand I have never wanted to do
before okay and all she can do is take
it like a professional did you ever
think that I would be this satisfied no
no no not like this from Universal
Pictures I don't think I can do this
anymore
We Need to Talk he's my son who we need
to talk Dave We Need to Talk mom she's
your mother
you're her shrink Meryl Streep your
mother no knows intimate details well
she better not use that to get me home
for Thanksgiving uma thurman I don't
know if I can do this
Rafi wait
we might have some things working
against us but you got to work with me
here because we get a minute here Brian
Greenberg you let me talk to you about
our sex life
trust me that was harder for me than it
was for you crime this is very strange